hi
what are you doing what does it look
like i'm doing why have you got that
shopping
uh let's see because it's my day for
shopping but i did the shopping today
you're cooking tonight no it's friday
you're cooking tonight
but that was last friday you did the
shopping and i cooked
remember let's go in and look at the
rotor
it's my day for the living room no it
isn't you're in the bathroom today
i cleaned the bathroom yesterday no you
didn't you were watching television when
i came home
i did it after you went to bed
let go of it no you let go of it what's
going on
i came in to do the living room and he
was cleaning the carpet
it's my turn no it isn't yes it is
boys
why are you both carrying shopping jane
got the wrong day
i didn't get the wrong day you did and
you did
no i didn't i looked on the rotor
tuesday it was the bathroom
hang on a minute that's not right i'm
doing the bathroom tomorrow
look i'm doing the bathroom you're doing
the kitchen floor
no no no no no that's me i'm positive
oh yeah yeah
and who's going to clear that up man
okay so the rotor wasn't a great success
the house is looking good at the moment
[Music]
about saturday i was coming home from
the gym and i stopped to admire the view
hi oh hi the weather's better today
it's certainly better than yesterday yes
it is
what are you doing tomorrow oh nothing
special
just another boring sunday would you
like to go somewhere
what do you mean yes with me uh
yes i'd love to where
how about on the river we can go punting
that would be good great i'll call for
you at about
half past nine uh
no i'll call for you okay i'll see you
then
see you i'm looking forward to it
me too bye bye
[Music]
oh hi you're up early i couldn't sleep
are you going out uh yes i'm going to
meet a friend in town we're going to
have lunch
what are you going to do today nothing
much
well i'll uh see you later sure bye
[Music]
bye
you ready ready
[Music]
is helen still in bed no
she went into town about an hour ago
are you just gonna lie there all day
yes we could
do something go somewhere
we could go for a picnic what do you
think
matt i suppose we could
we're going to have a picnic
that's not a bad idea i'll make some
sandwiches
i'll give you a hand i can take my video
camera
oh have we got anything to drink
matt i'll go and get something
come on
[Music]
we can go through this gate then along
the path between the wood and the farm
that's the quickest way it's quicker on
the road
by car don't be so pathetic
come on it'll only take 10 minutes
this is perfect it's so much nicer than
the city
it's beautiful yes it really is
it's this way that's jane
come on david it's all three of them
quick what's the problem they don't know
about this what
they think i went out for lunch let's go
back
please simon okay
how long did she say it was 10 minutes
it's the longest 10 minutes in history
it's just through here
simon we're going the wrong way oh no
this was a great idea thanks it's a
shame helen isn't here
look at that what
[Music]
and this is really strange it just
appeared from nowhere
really that's funny
what look at that bag
it looks just like helen's
in one of his plays shakespeare said
something about not telling the truth
i wish i could remember what it was
mornings aren't my favorite time of day
but
some mornings are definitely worse than
others where's helen
do you know perhaps we should go and
call her
don't bother
are you all right not really i keep
sneezing
i can't stop coughing my whole body
aches
you've got a cold thank you doctor
or flu have you got a temperature
well you don't feel hot my temperature
keeps going up and down
i feel awful have something to drink
it hurts when i swallow you should drink
something
i'll make you a cup of tea have you
taken anything for it yet
aspirin paracetamol there are teddy
what about homeopathic medicine
homeopathic
it's better than aspirin i'll get you
something on the way home
i have to go to work now me too
you're not going anywhere like that you
must go back to bed
i'll telephone the office for you
just keep warm drink lots i'll see you
this evening
you go up now and i'll bring you the tea
on my way out okay
[Music]
you are oh thank you
take it easy i'll bring you some fruit
later
thanks
[Music]
hi
hello
so
how are you feeling a little better
my sore throat's gone have you been in
bed since this morning
i felt too weak to get up have you eaten
anything
no i haven't have you had anything to
drink
i had a cup of tea at about one o'clock
so you haven't had anything to drink for
five hours
hello we're up here
you have to drink a lot when you have
flu and you really should try to eat
something sorry
hi how you feeling a bit better
got you some aspirin oh thanks
actually i've got you this it's much
better
what is it homeopathic medicine
especially for colds
what do you mean it's much better it
contains only natural ingredients
but it tastes disgusting at least it's
not full of chemicals
aspirin's very effective it's been
around for years
so has arsenic please you too
there you are vitamin c the perfect cold
[Music]
cure
i've brought you some soup oh thanks
matt
but i'm not really hungry but you
haven't eaten since last night
sorry
i don't think you should go to work
tomorrow i don't know
perhaps you're right you can stay here
and watch the tennis
tennis yeah wimbledon
who's that
it's simon oh no
i look awful don't let him come up yet
matt all right
here's the patient
how are you feeling not too bad
you know up and down i didn't know you
weren't well
i've got some tickets to see a salsa
band tonight
oh well never mind i can still go
no you can't don't be silly
jane's right you shouldn't go out when
you've got flu
you have to stay in bed but what about
the tickets it doesn't matter about them
it's a pity to waste them why don't you
go with someone else what
well jane could have your ticket and she
could go with simon
that's not a bad idea yeah go on jane
look i'm feeling much better
stay there you must keep warm
okay i'll go and get ready
we can go another time
so i didn't get to see the salsa band
with simon
game set and match to jane
[Music]
we all like our food in this house but i
think
david likes it a bit more than the rest
of us nobody else wants this i'll have
it
david honestly where do you put it
you're such a pig if you're not careful
you'll put on weight
he's already flabby no i'm not
apparently simon used to be quite fat
i'm not flabby he keeps very fit now
he goes to the gym four times a week
gyms are so boring
i play tennis at least that's
competitive
you used to play tennis and i had the
time now
anyway julia thinks i look good
yes but will julia still think that when
you're like a balloon
[Laughter]
150 pounds a month and 500 pounds to
join
actually it's not really what i'm
looking for
thank you bye
unbelievable
oh hello i'm interested in joining your
health club
could you tell me how much it is please
you know what
i'm going to have a workout this evening
where
at the new fitness club isn't that
expensive it
is but they offer a five-day free trial
period free
yeah oh david you're terrible
what's terrible about that anyway i'm
starting this evening
so i'll meet you as soon as i get out
what time will that be
i don't know yet might do a long session
but i'll give you a call when i finish
and then we're going for a drink
absolutely
last saturday we watched a horror film
some of us found it really frightening
she's going to go down the stairs
oh no don't do it why is she doing that
because it's a horror film people always
see stupid things in horror films
what happened you killed her really
oh the mother shot it what a load
of rubbish it's not a load of rubbish
it's good fun
it was very well made that's just what i
was gonna say thank you
who wants coffee oh yes
simon i'll get it
i wouldn't go in the kitchen if i were
you
no no simon don't the ghost
oh yeah the ghost
[Music]
[Laughter]
actually what dart nothing
what david well there might be
a ghost in this house where in the
kitchen
what kind of ghost the ghost of a dog
don't be silly
it's true
i don't know anything about this well
before this house was built
when was this house built about 120
years ago
go on before this house was built there
used to be an old cottage here
an old man lived in it and he had a
large black dog
and everywhere he went the dog went with
him
it never left him how do you know all
this
one of the neighbors told us anyway the
man was killed
in an accident a new family moved into
the cottage
and the dog was taken away by the old
man's sister
but that very first evening yes the dog
went back to the house and started
howling
what happened then the owners chased it
away but it kept coming back
every night they chased it away every
night it came back
and howled and then well
not long after that the cottage was
destroyed by a fire
and this house was built 10 years later
so where's the ghost
well when they were building this house
they found a skeleton of a large dog
in the cellar and the neighbor says that
sometimes
late at night a dog is heard
howling there's always a logical
explanation for that kind of thing
what would you do if you saw a ghost
they don't exist
if i saw a ghost i'd run away if i saw a
ghost the ghost would run away
okay simon go make the coffee but don't
say i didn't warn you
[Music]
did you two really hear that story yeah
the others fancy some toast do you want
some no
thanks that was a great story
who said it was a story
you know the funny thing is what
well although i don't really believe in
that sort of thing
yes i have
sometimes heard a dog howling late at
night
and i always thought it was coming from
this house
hi biscuits
matt yes are you all right
yes yes i'm fine
matt what if i were you
i wouldn't turn the light off in your
bedroom tonight very funny
[Music]
the next morning matt looked very tired
for some reason
[Music]
it was a typical saturday night but matt
was acting rather strangely
thanks thank you
[Music]
oh thanks
are you all right matt yes
are you expecting someone
no
well
come on matt tell us what's been going
on
well i was working today and i just got
out for lunch
i was walking into radcliffe square when
i saw a girl
she was doing a survey you know
interviewing people on the street
except she wasn't having much luck
nobody wanted to stop
how long have you been standing here
since 10 o'clock
and how many people have you interviewed
four
my boss said he wanted me to interview
at least 20.
you could interview me okay
right my name's matt actually i don't
need your name
oh but my name's mel
so matt do you live in oxford
yes i do how long have you been living
here
since 1997 how many jobs have you had
since then
two and what do you do now
i manage a computer game shop how long
have you been working there
nearly five years
what newspapers do you read she asked me
about what newspapers i read
the observer what food do you like the
food i like
anything what kind of clothes do you buy
the clothes are fun we got on really
well
where do you go for entertainment uh the
cinema
clubs restaurants not really although i
quite often eat at
freud's i've been there a few times
really
i've never seen you there i'm going
there tonight actually
oh
okay holidays which kind of holiday do
you usually prefer
i really like going abroad i've been to
italy a few times
i want you to ask her lots of questions
but she was asking me so many i didn't
really get a chance
after the interview i went to buy her a
coffee but when i got back she gone
is she going to be here tonight she said
she was coming
romantic we haven't arranged anything
oh i'm sure she'll come
of course she'll come
what's that her go over
go on that go for it
hi oh hello
so you came then yes
would you like a drink
hi hi
oh this is peter peter this is
uh matt nice to meet you
there's a table over there are you
sitting with us matt no no
go ahead bye then yeah
see you around
oh cool max
i'll be back in a minute
who's that a boyfriend
what do you think sorry
it's okay are you all right not really
i feel a bit of an idiot come on
what let's go get some fresh air
where are they going i don't know
it seems a shame to waste their drinks
oh
david
why is it always happening to me
it happens to everyone what even you
yes matt even me
did you like her i thought she was
really nice
don't worry there'd be someone else
where anywhere
here
nut oh
you mean
you
gosh how long have you know
quite a long time
me too
what are we going to tell the others we
can worry about that later
[Music]
in numbers we have cardinals that means
the usual numbers and ordinals
ordinaries that means
the numbers that we talk about orders
okay
now for cardinals we have
this one zero zero
but for arduinos we don't have zero okay
zero zero or you can say zero
long e zero
one one
two two remember t
don't say two or two okay two
two number three this one is quite hard
right
so remember th we have
to put our term between our teeth like
this so we say
three three okay three three
and this one three three
four four this one
five don't forget v at the ends
five this one six remember
s at the end six six
seven seven
eight eight this one
nine nine this one
ten ten
okay ordinals okay for ordinals
one we say first
remembers first
two we say second second
for three three we say
third third remember th
okay third third
four from four to ten
usually we add t h
at the end okay
so four
fourth fourth
five this one uh
it's quite difficult to remember but
this is fifth
remember five but fifth
remember this one
fifth fifth okay
fifth five fifth
this quest special huh six
six six
seven seventh seventh
eighth eighth eighth
nine we say ninth
ninth ten this
is tenth tenth
okay that's all for the pronunciation
and look at the spelling for
one two three
can you see that you know totally change
first second third totally
change this valley right for number five
okay we end with v e
okay and with v e and if we change
into ordinals we
delete this one okay ve and then we turn
to
f and then we add th just like this
five and then fifth can you see it
for number eight number eight
this one we have
t already okay
we end with t so if we
want to change into ordinals we choose
plus
h okay
and now for
which one for nine
nine we end with e
okay when we change into ordinals
now we delete e and then we just
plus th okay ninth
can you see this one and
five fifths okay
now one first
two second
three third
five fifth
eighth eighth okay
nine ninth okay
and why in arduinos
we write two
letters above
the number like this
to help us to distinguish between
cardinals
and ordinals in cardinals we don't write
okay the letter is here but for
ordinaries we have to write
the letters okay two letters at the end
uh and usually we use
okay why we use s t and d r d
or t h like this we use
the last two letters
of this of each word okay so first
we put st here second we put
nd here and third okay
third we have rd
and we have to put rd here okay that is
the reason why you see first st
two nd three rd from number four
to number 10 uh from the fortune of 10
we just put th okay